Update functions.md (#1457)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/scripting/script-canvas/editor-reference/functions.md

![After completing the steps in this example, you should end up with a linear interpolation function.](/images/user-guide/scripting/script-canvas/function-linear-interpolation.png)

1. Start a new function using **File**, **New Script** or by using the function create button in the upper right corner of the canvas.

1. Click the left side **Create execution nodeling** button to make an input node on the canvas.

> 1. Click the **+** button next to Add data input to add an input parameter to the execution nodeling. This will prompt you for a name and type of the new variable. Enter **Start** as the name and **Number** as the type. Repeat this twice more for **Time** and **End**

Reviewer: We should keep the step that instructs readers to add the 3 nodes.
```suggestion
1. Click the **+** button next to Add data input to add an input parameter to the execution nodeling. This will prompt you for a name and type of the new variable. Enter **Start** as the name and **Number** as the type. Repeat this twice more for **Time** and **End**.

1. Place the **Subtract**, **Multiply**, and **Add** nodes onto your graph and connect them as shown in the previous image.
```

1. Using [variable references](/docs/user-guide/scripting/script-canvas/editor-reference/variables/variable-references), do the following:

   a. In the **Subtract** node, reference the *End* and *Start* variables, so that *Start* is subtracted from *End*.

   b. In the **Multiply** node, use the result of the subtraction and reference the *Time* variable, so that *(End - Start)* is multiplied by *Time*.

   c. In the **Add** node, use the result of the multiplication and reference the *Start* variable, so that these two values are added together. 

1. Create an exit point for your function.

>    a. Click the left side **Create execution nodeling** button to make an input node on the canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a. Click the right side **Create execution nodeling** button to make an output node on the canvas.
```
